A Git-based CMS for parsing and emitting ATOM feeds.

## Aurore elements

tags:
- `link via`: link to source location of feed data, i.e., the source code
- `link self`: link to raw feed file
- `link repo`: link to repository
- `link alternate`: link to documentation
- `link enclosure`: link to download/install
- 

- `aurore:repo-url`: url of master repository
- `aurore:repo-loc`: local path relative to repository,

<!-- - `aurore:exec-src`: executable source code uri --> USE link.rel="via"
- `aurore:exec-cli`: executable command-line interface
<!-- - `aurore:exec-dir`: executable directory -->
- `aurore:exec-loc`: local executable path, relative to parent application

- `aurore:exec-data-con`: data consumed by executable
- `aurore:exec-data-gen`: data generated by executable

link rels:

- `aurore:`

## Use

```shell
# copy resources listed in Gallery.yaml to current dir,
# applying filters in aurore.filter.yaml
aurore update fdlb-xxxx.yaml meta.yaml
aurore update qfem-xxxx.yaml test-status.yaml meta.yaml
aurore update test-status.yaml status.yaml
```

```shell
# copy resources listed in qfem-xxxx.yaml to current dir,
# applying filters in aurore.filter.yaml
aurore copy qfem-xxxx.yaml . --filter aurore.filter.yaml --clean
```
### New

~/.local/aurore/drafts/<feed>/<entry.rss>

### Report

`aurore report [-h] [--title TITLE] [-d TEMPLATE_DATA] template`

```shell
$ aurore -q report qfem-xxxx.yaml status.yaml --title="quoFEM"> README.md
```

### Show

```shell
$SIMCENTER_DEV/quoFEM/examples$ aurore -q show qfem-xxxx.yaml 'q'
```


GET
    Retrieve a single Atom entry or a list of Atom entries. GET requests for a list of Atom entries are sent to the URL of the collection, as stated in the Atom service document. GET requests for a single Atom entry are sent to the URL of an individual Atom entry in the collection, as stated in the <atom:link rel="edit"> link for the entry. 
POST
    Create a new Atom entry. POST requests are sent to the URL of the collection.
PUT
    Edit an existing Atom entry that the client has obtained using a GET request. PUT requests are sent to the URL of an individual Atom entry in the collection.
DELETE
    Delete an existing Atom entry. DELETE requests are sent to the URL of an individual Atom entry in the collection.


## Config

~/.config/aurore/feeds.yaml


